[gitlab] Disable repo permissions syncing if auth type is oauth (#51452)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed an incorrect beta label on the Search Context creation page [#51188](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51188)
- Multi-version upgrades to version `5.0.2` in a fully airgapped environment will not work without the command `--skip-drift-check`. [#51164](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51164)
- Could not set "permissions.syncOldestUsers" or "permissions.syncOldestRepos" to zero. [#51255](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51255)

> - GitLab code host connections will no longer use Personal Access Tokens to sync repository permissions when the authentication provider is set as "oauth". This prevents inconsistent user permissions from occuring. [#51452](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51452)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GitLab code host connections will disable repo-centric repository permission syncs when the authentication provider is set as "oauth". This prevents repo-centric permission sync from getting incorrect data. [#51452](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/51452)
```
